State Timeline: Add option to position series names above bars (#101542) (#119379)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/state-timeline/index.md

| Show values  | Controls whether values are rendered inside the state regions. Choose from **Auto**, **Always**, and **Never**. **Auto** renders values if there is sufficient space. |
| Align values | Controls value alignment inside state regions. Choose from **Left**, **Center**, and **Right**. |
| Row height | Controls how much space between rows there are. 1 = no space = 0.5 = 50% space. |

> | Series name position | Controls where series names are displayed. Choose from **Left** (default, on the Y-axis) and **Above bars** (above each timeline row, hiding the Y-axis). **Above bars** is useful when you want the state timeline to share the same width as adjacent panels or when series names are too long for the Y-axis. {{< admonition type="note" >}}This option is currently experimental and requires enabling the `stateTimeline.nameAboveBars` [feature toggle](ref:configure-feature-toggles).{{< /admonition >}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Series name position | Controls where series names are displayed. Choose from the following:<ul><li>**Left**: Default, on the y-axis.</li><li>**Above bars**: Above each timeline row, hiding the y-axis. Useful when you want the state timeline to share the same width as adjacent panels or when series names are too long for the y-axis.</li></ul> {{< admonition type="note" >}}This feature is experimental. To try it, and enable the `stateTimeline.nameAboveBars` [feature toggle](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/).{{< /admonition >}} |
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we need docs since it's being put under an experimental feature flag, but we should keep these edits for when the feature matures to public preview.

> | Series name position | Controls where series names are displayed. Choose from the following:<ul><li>**Left**: Default, on the y-axis.</li><li>**Above bars**: Above each timeline row, hiding the y-axis. Useful when you want the state timeline to share the same width as adjacent panels or when series names are too long for the y-axis.</li></ul> {{< admonition type="note" >}}This feature is experimental. To try it, and enable the `stateTimeline.nameAboveBars` [feature toggle](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/).{{< /admonition >}} |

Reviewer 2: Remove docs as we don't add docs for experimental features. 
```suggestion
```
